Intervew Date: 14:00 2/18/2015
Interview Location: 200 W. Thomas St. Suite 400, Seattle, WA 98119
Interviewers: Roger Moore - Head of IT, Kami - HR, Brad Younge? - CTO cofounder (phone), 
Missed: Trent Schwartz - Ops (acct mgr),  Todd & Evan, CEO & cofounder
Previous Interviewers: Courtny (email), Kami Chau (phone 2/11) 
Heard about: Kaitlin@provisional.com

General/basic questions:
What are the office's hours? 
Flex, match internal customers
Pay rate? 
in range
Days off? 
Benefits? 

About the company:
Why is the position open? Expansion or personnel replacement? Expansion
How many employees are there in the company? How many are managers? What's the ratio of employees to managers? 65/?/?
Estimate the company's retention or turnover rates? 18-65 in past year
Who is the employee who's been here the longest? Who is the hardest to get along with? 
Find out who is their biggest competitor - how are they different? bit titan burns partner bridges 

Pointers for the interview and great questions to ask:
What are you looking for in a candidate, and what do they have to do in order to be successful? help automate new user deployments, build network, take over new user process, own hyper-v install
What do you hope to accomplish by filling this position? take pressure off Roger
What are the major goals/initiatives you would like to see accomplished? Win8 deploy
Is there anything else you would be looking for a candidate to do? Will be more projects in the future - every laptop encrypted and with intune installed - automated cert pushes (SCOM?)
From everything that I went over, does it seem like I'm the type of person you are looking for? 
Best mix of skills, senior member of team they're trying to build. 

Other notes:
Partners: 
* Arterian
* Eastridge
* Rosebud
* Tukuru Tech
* SMB Help Desk
* InfinIT
* ZAG Tech Services
* Baroan Tech
* LAN Logic
* Tribridge
* Perspicuit

CDW: Office 365 Email Migration for Small Businesses by SkyKick 100+ users +/-5 = $65.99 @ 32% markup = $50
100,00/mo = $500,000


-3 year old company
-team oriented, team working. daily standup. 
-Server closet with many switches, 2 vhosts with DC VMs
-where is Dev and test? cloud. 1 in AWS and the rest in Azure. QA has some, others around. 
-Bizspark?
-Remote device management

core traits
1 passion
2 leaders
3 excellence

that sounds awesome
proactive, strive for excellence
tell them taking notes on phone

-Saved 16 developer hours per week by automating archaic code deploy process
-Cut image load times by 2/3 by fixing network misconfigurations
-Used WDS to basically eliminate new PC builds, saving hours of IT system building each month
-Automated remote parts of manual DNS update process, saving an hour a week
-BPOS: Wrote program to generate text template, to automate part of the workflow

Job posting:
COMPANY DESCRIPTION
SkyKick delivers a new type of application that makes it fast, safe, and easy for IT Solution Providers to move their customers to the cloud. Our award-winning SMB and Enterprise Migration Suites consist of four cloud-based products that work together to help partners automate and seamlessly plan, move, set up, and manage their customer's migration to Office 365.

JOB DESCRIPTION
We are an award-winning, fast-growing cloud startup in a multi-billion dollar market looking for you – a brilliant, creative, and entrepreneurial IT support engineer to provide assistance to the operations team in resolving technical issues within the office. This is a rare opportunity to come in at the ground floor with an experienced team. 

QUALIFICATIONS
Responsibilities:
Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, systems, networks, printers and scanners 
Planning and undertaking scheduled maintenance upgrades 
Talking to clients and computer users to determine the nature of problems 
Responding to breakdowns 
Investigating, diagnosing and solving computer software and hardware faults 
Repairing equipment and replacing parts 
Maintaining records of software licenses 
Managing stocks of equipment and other supplies. 
Coordinates with outside contractors to bid work and manage projects 
Working with ISP to resolve down time issues (RM) 
Maintaining a highly virtualized Active Directory environment and provisioning users. (RM) 
Basic PowerShell & automation scripting knowledge. (KS) 
Active directory responsibilities? (RM) 
* So far DirSync, WDS, NIC-Teaming, DHCP, Load-balancing, DNS, Primary & Secondary DC's, AD User Database, OU Structure, GPO, and more(KS) 
* Last things that were being worked on and that they should know: Companywide Windows 8 update, Cloud update services, Automation script for multilevel incremental backups of AD environment to off-site. (KS) 
Shift and on-call work may be required, particularly where computing equipment is in continual 24-hour operation. 
Key skills for technical support officers 
Technical and Organizational skills 
Interpersonal & Communication skills 
A meticulous and methodical nature 
Ability to think analytically and critically 
Capable of working well under pressure 
Enthusiasm to be continually learning 
Resourceful  

Certifications 
CompTIA A+ Software and Hardware 
CompTIA Network+ 
MCSA: Windows Server 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
We offer a competitive salary, strong equity package, awesome health care, all the usual startup amenities, and a great foosball table. Most importantly this is a great opportunity to make an impact and build something big with a successful and seasoned team.  If you’re a strong team player, and have been waiting for the right opportunity to do something revolutionary and make a huge impact, we’d love to hear from you.

Cortney Moore
HR-Recruiting Assistant
SkyKick – The Easiest Way to Office 365
Desk: 206.212.1728
Sales & Support:
   US: 888.503.3367
   Global:  +1.206.201.1194
www.skykick.com


Resume: 
