Hello 

I would like to apply for your Sr. Systems Engineer position. I have a large base of experience with Microsoft technologies, Server network infrastructure pieces, and leading a team to manage a network of offices and production website hosting operations in different states. While at Reliance Network, I reconstructed both office and production networks to add resiliency and remove bottlenecks, and I taught myself DNS, DFS, PXE, WSUS, WDS, and expanded my knowledge of AD infrastructure pieces to do so. I enjoy taking ownership of issues and seeing them through to resolution, and I will make sure something gets completed even if I've delegated the task. 

IT Help Desk is second-nature to me. I've been building my own high-performance gaming workstations since 2000, and supporting servers and PCs professionally since 2009. My college job was IT Help Desk for the Computing department for the Electrical Engineering college at UW, and I worked my way into being their Student System Administrator. Since then, I've worked in several help desk positions, both on-site and phone/email-based. I have diagnosed and resolved multiple failed Blackberry Enterprise activations with non-technical users in multiple countries, who don't speak English, through non-technical interpreters - at a previous position. 

While at Reliance, I reduced downtime by adding redundancy to critical network infrastructure, led virtualization projects, and automated tasks to save quite a bit of time. I installed VMWare vCenter on several high-end servers, built VMs running Server 2008 and newer, and migrated services from underpowered physical servers to VMs with the same hardware specifications. The first VMs I created were VDI for IE testing of our websites, one VM for each IE version: IE8, IE9, IE10, IE11; I had VMWare pass-thru a separate external internet connection to them and controlled IE version with WSUS. Additionally, I built out a CI environment on these VMs, providing an in-office TFS repository and build-receiving VMs. Using Powershell, I automated a GAC Refresh deploy process, saving 16 developer hours per week. I routinely create scripts to automate IT work, and have configured WDS with a fully-prepared  captured image, which saves us 4-8 hours per week as well.

After helping my coworkers migrate to Office365, I created an "ITWeb" documentation repository in Sharepoint, and have uploaded all of our IT and Network documentation for easy reference. I documented a server map in Visio, showing how all of Reliance Network's servers are interconnected.

At Premera, while helping them manage the Server 2003 lifecycle transition, I expanded my technical skills to more modern hardware - including the newest HP blade and rackmount servers, EMC SAN appliances, and the new VCE VBlock managed compute appliance. As I built new 2012 VMs, physical servers, and clusters, I continually rewrote the documentation to be as accurate and simple as possible, and including Powershell scripts where possible to automate the process.  
 
To monitor Reliance Network's servers, I've constructed in PRTG a network of 2300 monitoring sensors to monitor at least 9 aspects of server health on each of our ~200 servers. I organize an on-call rotation with pager duty and email alerts for myself and both coworkers, so each person runs one week's maintenance window and has one week of on-call before passing to the next coworker. I organize maintenance windows with Jira tickets and communicate them to maintenance, emergency, and other DLs that I maintain, so that all interested parties (from customer service to upper management) are aware. 

I am interested in this position, as I would be a good fit for the job, and it looks like a great next step in my career. I'm looking for a rate of pay around $120,000, but I'm open to negotiation. Please contact me if you agree.

Thanks for your time.